in the godzilla movie in 2019
godzilla is known to kill enemies or
evil giants named ghidorah and since at
that time he and kong were still known
titans or giants are on the surface of
the earth today
at the beginning of this film we will be
shown about kong who was on an island
that was precisely inside a captive dome
while its activities were being
monitored by monarch
monarch itself is a multinational
organization that was created in secret
by the united states government to study
living giants in the world
in that place kong was visited by a
small child
named jaw he is a child who comes from
the ewe tribe
the only person she could communicate
with kong
when kong suddenly became angry and
through the rod tree that will do minor
damage
on the part of the dome where he was
currently was a giant dome inside the
scientists were observing the monster
this woman named elene a scientist from
the monarch who studied monsters
just then jaw suddenly comes and tells
him that kong is angry because he is
locked up in that place
the reason they locked kong was out of
worry that there will be a battle
between godzilla and kong as well
because according to research theory
about the species godzilla and also kong
are enemies who fought for a long time
the scene moved where a man named bernie
he is a conspiracy
theorist who is also a former employees
at a company called apex cybernetics
this company are technology company in
charge of technology development
artificial intelligence as well as
robots
when he secretly got into a building
where he had worked before
he tried looking for information on what
exactly is being developed by company
but while there he got that there will
be godzilla's attack was signaled by the
sound of an alarm and the employees were
on was immediately evacuated
sure enough godzilla came and attacked
the research place
and in that incident he was managed to
survive and at that time he saw a
strange object thing was similar to an
orca a capable tool communicating with
the titans
moving scene at a research location this
man is a scientist from the monarch
named mark russell
and this is his daughter named madison
russell both of whom have been rescued
by godzilla in the previous movie at
that time both argued about the reason
why godzilla attacks humans his father
said that maybe it was an instinct from
predator
but medicine insisted that something was
provoking godzilla to attack the
research place
the scene moves when a man named nathan
lind was visited by two men
himself as a leading scientist and these
two people are the main leaders from the
apex cybernetic company
at that time nathan was shown the the
theory of the hollow earth
for those of you who love conspiracy
theories you must know about the hollow
earth theory
it is said that on earth there are
spaces or a floating islands
at that time nathan was asked to find a
source of energy on the spot
the place is also thought to be the
place of origin of the titans on the
earth's surface
the energy source in that place is said
to be used against godzilla who
threatens humans mankind in the end
nathan going to meet his friend ileen
and explains his plan to find a source
of energy in the cavity of the earth
but to get to where there need help from
kong to find a place of energy sources
for the sake of human safety ilene also
agreed to the request from his friend
even though there was a risk that
godzilla will come to find kong
[Music]
the scene moves when kong is already on
a giant ship and at that time nathan
lind meets a woman named maya simmons
who is the daughter of the leader of
apex cybernetics
turns out that kong will be taken to a
place research in antarctica is where
they will begin their journey inward the
core of the earth
at night jaw who was asleep suddenly
woke up he immediately came out jaw then
tries to calm titan down by
communicating with him
scene moves where madison listen to live
broadcasts or podcasts that are being
done by bernie
medicine later visited by his friend
named george
it turns out they intend to go to bernie
and ask him the truth and reason of the
godzilla attack
in a nutshell they also managed to meet
him and their bernie said that there is
an object that might cause godzilla
attack the company
the three of them then planned to
infiltrate the company and investigate
further regarding previous incident
[Music]
godzilla meanwhile on their way to bring
kong to antarctica they are startled by
an alarm that sounds about the arrival
of godzilla
radar detect that creature approaching
very fast and sure enough godzilla then
come and attack the ship
and also the escorting fighter planes
the journey and the battle between the
two monsters were not inevitable
oh
in the battle kong suffered defeat and
lay weak
as a result of having fought in the
water
nathan then ordered that turn off all
the ship's engines so as not to cause
this noise to made godzilla think that
he had won the battle
and after that godzilla left the
battlefield as if he did not want to
continue his battle against the giant
ape
it was meanwhile medicine and bernie
were trying to enter apex cybernetics
research facility which has been
attacked by godzilla earlier
when they got in they entered the
elevator which took them away headed to
the underground place
they were shocked with the arrival of
the officers and they accidentally
entered a storage place in which there
is an
object that stores and locked the other
predator creatures
the door in the place then closed and
they also realize that they are trapped
in the object it turns out to be taken
to other apex cybernetics research sites
was in hong kong
back to the research team who were take
kong to antarctica
they took him using dozens of
helicopters to be taken to the research
site on the continent of ice
and this hole is where it is the path to
go into the cavity of the earth that
will bring kong and also scientists jaw
then told kong that his hometown was
behind the hole and it is possible that
there are still other creatures that are
just like himself in there
kong then moved into the hole meanwhile
scientists will follow it using
sophisticated aircraft which can handle
the difference in gravity within the
earth's cavity
[Music]
you